# Experimental code

#### Introduction

The directory under this path is all the experimental code and experimental data of this project.



#### Directory Introduction

##### i. base directory

This directory stores the comprehensive experiment codes of three tasks of four types of base models, which use multi-process/multi-threading to run the three task codes of kg, qa and text_gen of a model at the same time.

##### ii. sft directory

This directory stores the experimental codes for the four types of three tasks of the sft model. After the experiments of the base model, we found that by using multi-threading or multi-processing for the experiments, some of the individual tasks of the comprehensive experimental code usually fail to run smoothly, so in order to facilitate the correction of errors, the experiments of the sft model take the form of one task and one code for the experiments.

##### iii. eval directory

This directory stores four directories and two evaluation codes:

- The clean_data directory stores the data cleaning code, which is used to clean the data generated by the model.
- The transform_data directory holds the data transformation code, which is used to transform the cleaned data into the standard form for evaluation.
- The base_data and sft_data directories store the cleaned and transformed experimental data.
- KG&QA_eval.py is the index evaluation code for kg and qa tasks, and text_gen_eval.py is the index evaluation code for text_gen task.


Translated with DeepL.com (free version)
